it wasn't long ago the fondest youngest
trainee lifeguard was just another kid
on the beach at 16 and just out of
school maxi's had to grow up fast his
rescue drowning swimmers treated spinal
injuries chase thieves and comforted
lost children but something says maxi is
still a kid at heart how does it go
thank you
today the old guard have decided it's
time for Maxie to grow up to test how
well a 16 year old kid copes with a
grown up situation terry has recruited a
very difficult customer Bobby Mira Vick
is three-time Australian heavyweight
boxing champion he's taken on Mike Tyson
in the ring now he's about to take on
Trent Maxwell on the beach we've got
little Maxie UK 16 he's our junior
trainee and the whole time he's been
with us it's a bit of sunshine and girls
and a good time I think it's about time
that he learnt about the serious side of
lifeguarding and it's not always a
really good comic beautiful Bondi Beach
Gigi can't be whippersnapper Roy's life
that's right now last week I spoke about
a troublesome board rider about your
dimensions okay and this troublesome
board rider gets up the north and he
just refuses to leave the water so max
is going to trice best to move the whole
130 kgs of you out of the water and off
the beach just like fishing we'll play
the fish limb go gimble slack pulling
back here where we need to yeah man
we'll fish him off
Rehan
the Bondi about is set to begin a whole
lot of fun with this I'm gonna have
Bobby out on a surfboard just close to
shore in front of the tower
maxi's cannot apprehend him and ask him
to leave the area and Bob's gonna have a
little dummy spit it's gonna escalate
from there just going to make sure this
is our crime big bad Bobby is about to
flout safety regulations and take a
fiberglass surfboard between the flags
now all Terry wants is an oscar-winning
performance from his box it might be
pretty funny this isn't heaven baby they
showed up
go ahead a blanket north on oh shit man
to God in well you record did God
he could be that guy I am trouble it but
just paddle out to him and just paddle
up and seventeen make you need to move
out in Syria with a fiberglass board if
he gives you any grief just come back in
mine Laura as a champion fighter Bobby
knows how to detect fear in his opponent
y'all fought a flight theory yeah you
know if he comes in and you either take
it on there in there
well I think you'll succeed Bobby fee
turns around he's pleased he starts
shaking he's they start shaking his lip
starts quivering he's gone he's gone
koat first round round one
59 takeoff board so for that circle
please move the end of a horse because
in the flags not good
get someone to judge a branch oh wow gee
I know do you usually have pie playback
outfigure wasall yeah
I just wanna
it's almost away
exceeding you gotta live your way no
himself what you do to my tomato plant
which really drew me he doesn't budge
for more toss and he's not gonna budge
for a little skinny Maxie that's for
sure I usually go see you guys killing
for a it's not fair for the paper that
we do get get a round one it's a big bad
Bobby Terry calls Maxie back into the
blue corner here we go max you re giving
massively by
so what did you say doing exactly this
that foam glass boardies tell me your
wife but this bap isn't over yet
big bad Bobby comes in for round two
stand your ground okay all right so five
eysies on the water's edge of the foot
board under like Messi my feet I'll
convey it's going on the monkeys job
play your heart yelling this last one
we're dying job especially in flies
hey Jacob this is one life Ishmael
beautiful Moses the Lord is noise Tam or
pranayama rubra your jogger but you made
it happy so - listen you straightway
could have been surfing the NCL
round soda maxi but big bad Bobby has
got plenty of fight in him yet